HOME
Pineapples Day Out
Coming Soon



ABOUT
Pineapples Day Out is a collection of 5000 programmatically, randomly generated NFTs based on 109 different traits such as skins, crowns, accessories, and others, on the Ethereum blockchain.
FAQ
- What is the price be per mint?
0.02 Fixed Price

- Where does my Pineapples Day Out NFT go after I purchase?
Your Pineapple(s) will appear in whatever address or connected wallet you used to purchase. You can also see your Pineapple(s) on Opensea.

- How many can be minted?
20 Pineapples per transaction

- What can I do with my Pineapple?
Anything. Just do not try to eat it.



ROADMAP
PRE-SALE
	Community Building
	Complete Artwork
25% SOLD
	Pineapple Bay is opened
	Construction of the Museum begins
50% SOLD
	Museum is being furnished and a Grand Opening event is being prepared
75% SOLD
	Grand Opening of the Museum
100% SOLD
	5000 Coconuts are released on the blockchain
	A cocktail bar has popped up in the neighbourhood

Pineapple Bay is a beach that is open to all members of the community. This is where all celebrations of road-map milestone achievements will take place throughout the decade. 
So.. grab a drink, wear your shades and party like its 1999.

The Museum will be opened to all members of the community to visit anytime. What makes the museum special is that it will be filled with artwork that is on the Ethereum blockchain. All artwork will be bought by the moderators through direct purchases, placing bids via auction and making offers.
95% of the artwork bought for the museum would have been created by verified pineapple holders and the remaining 5% would have been created by non-verified pineapple holders. 

The Cocktail bar is an exclusive bar for only the holders of both pineapples and coconuts. There will be weekly game nights hosted by the Moderators. 
These include Trivia, Poker, Riddles and then Giveaways. There will be prizes of other NFTs or Ethereum itself



RARITIES
PAge will be updated at 100% Sold
